# CET-4
#College English Test Band 4 is a large-scale standardized test sponsored by the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China and administered and administered by the Education Examination Institute of the Ministry of Education of the People's Republic of China (formerly the National Examination Center of the Ministry of Education). It is a national teaching test designed to promote college English teaching in China. 
To measure college students' English ability objectively and accurately, and to provide services for improving the teaching quality of college English courses in China.
The test is mainly aimed at junior college students, undergraduates or postgraduates who have completed CET-4 according to the syllabus. College English CET-4 and CET-6 standardized tests began to be prepared at the end of 1986 and were officially implemented in 1987.
The Ministry of Education entrusted the National College English Test Committee (named "College English Test Design Group" in 1993) to be responsible for the design, organization, management and implementation of College English tests.
The test time of the National English Test is: June and December each year (the time varies slightly each year). The scores of CET-4 and CET-6 are reported by means of norm reference, and there is no passing line. The paper scores after the equivalent of each test are converted into report scores by reference to the norm. The total score of CET-4 and CET-6 is 710 points. More than 425 points (including 425 points) can be applied for CET-6, so it is generally believed that the qualification line of CET-4 and CET-6 is 425 points.
